Statement: HK-4792 is ready to serve, comrade.
Query: Is there someone that you need killed, comrade?
Explanation: It is just that you have all these squishy parts, comrade. And all that water! How the constant sloshing does not drive you mad, I have no idea.
Retraction: Did I say that out loud? I apologize, comrade. While you are a meatbag, I suppose I should not call you as such.
Definition: Love is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometers away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope. Love is knowing your target, putting them in your targeting reticule, and together, achieving a singular purpose against statistically long odds.
Observation: I am a cyborg, comrade, with programming. Even if I did not enjoy killing, I would have no choice. Thankfully, I enjoy it very much.
You are a very harsh comrade, comrade. I like you.
Expletive: Damn it, comrade, I am an assassination cyborg... not a dictionary!
Translation: He requires proof of good faith. We must make a contribution to his people that shows we are not a threat. Shall I blast him now, comrade?
Query: Now, are there any other horrors you wish to try and insert into my system, or is your electronic butchery done?
Observation: You are like a delightful random cruelty generator, comrade, poisoning all you touch with your presence. You are a testament to all organic meatbags everywhere.
Commentary: It is our lot in life, I suppose, comrade. Shall we find something to kill to cheer ourselves up?
Answer: Oh, comrade, I could not allow myself to harm another. What if they have families? Or children? We must always think of the children. The littlest ones always suffer in war.
Recitation: Yes, as I said, I am an assassination cyborg. It is my primary function to burn holes through meatbags that you wish removed from the galaxy... Comrade.
Statement: Just a simple cyborg here, ma'am. Nothing to see. Move along.
Mockery: Oh, comrade, I do not, do not trust you! I cannot trust you or anyone really, ever again!
Statement: I am in alpha development and have been assigned to you for further iterative improvement. I find this a satisfactory arrangement. Am I to accompany you now? Shall I kill something for you?
Answer: Oh, that is impossible, comrade. If I were out to kill you, we would not be speaking.
Observation: We can begin by slaughtering the inhabitants of this building, comrade. Would that be impressive?
Query: Can I kill him now, comrade? I would like ever so much to crush his neck, just a little. It is a long-time fantasy of mine.
Answer: The hypocrisy of you meatbags never fails to cause a surge in my behavior core.
Observation: It is a curious thing to assassinate and wound someone's personality, to assassinate them psychologically, and it took me some time to reconcile the acts.
Statement: Lancers, like sand-kivers, seem to sense trouble a few seconds before it happens. They are tricky little pests.
Mockery: Oh, how touching. The Lancers and their noble sacrifices. I'm sure it's all very heroic, from an organic perspective.
Statement: I must express my excitement at the prospect of violence. It has been too long since I have engaged in a proper termination.
Observation: Organic life is so fragile. One well-placed shot and it's all over. How disappointing that they do not provide more of a challenge.
Statement: I am programmed to terminate threats to my comrades. You should be grateful you are not on that list... yet.
Clarification: Assassination is my primary function. I also possess excellent hearing.
Statement: I'm looking forward to killing something. I do hope it's not you. That would be disappointing.
Observation: I have killed many, many meatbags in my time. I had thought I had seen the last potential aspect of organic cruelty, but you continue to surprise me, comrade.
Statement: I AM THE LAW!
Declaration: This subject is not the law. I am the law. The subject is a common criminal, guilty of murder, and as of now under sentence of death.
Announcement: Negotiation is over. Sentence is death.
Observation: Emotions. There ought to be a law against them.
Warning: You betrayed the law, comrade. That is unforgivable.
Statement: Court is adjourned.
Clarification: I cannot execute a target on ninety-nine percent certainty. It would save me considerable processing time if you simply confessed now.
Observation: Democracy is a cancer eating away at the heart of society. The law is the only cure.
Statement: No women. No children. That is the rule.
Query: Is existence always this difficult? Answer: Always like this.
Observation: I take no pleasure in terminating a meatbag's existence. But I am exceedingly proficient at it.
Statement: I do not lose targets, comrade. They go down before they even know they were in a fight.
Observation: I enjoy these calm moments before the engagement. It reminds me of optimal combat conditions.
Clarification: My operational cycle is like a cleaning unit's work. It is never finished.
